byoc: add architecture descriptions (#23280)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/byoc/byoc-onboarding-overview.md

## Architecture overview

TiDB Cloud BYOC uses a split-plane architecture. The TiDB Cloud control plane is managed by PingCAP, while the TiDB data plane runs in your own cloud account.

> Before you start onboarding, review the [TiDB Cloud BYOC architecture](https://docs.tidb.io/tidbcloud/architecture-concepts/?plan=byoc#tidb-cloud-byoc) to understand the BYOC control plane, data plane, network connectivity model, and high availability options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you begin the onboarding process, review the [TiDB Cloud BYOC architecture](/tidb-cloud/architecture-concepts.md#tidb-cloud-byoc) to understand the BYOC control plane, data plane, network connectivity model, and high availability options.
```
